insurance
Health
hospitalization 40,000 each 20,000
20,000 that is included in the four
lakhs
Health CL form for
hospit
lard Health Care claim F patient
Department
numbery
number PR number
number number mobile
number dets
[Music]
investigation charge
Bill
re most recent medical
prescription re of the
investigation attending doctor
name
pan card number
propos
number
number provide self attested copy of
valid
identificationof can check
Bank
to
Poli
ins
clge final hospital bill payment reip
investigation report pharmacy
bill
hospit f
Insurance health account number
kindly provide policy
number
policy
number card
number
top
this will be filled by the
doctor the pan card number propos P card
number
card number card number
[Music]
the
details
[Music]
building
building building
station
details track your CLA
for